Add Red Hat in adopters (#656)
kubernetes-sigs/lws: site/content/en/docs/adoption/_index.md

**Nvidia**: LeaderWorkerSet deployments are the recommended method for deploying Multi-Node models with NIM, see document [here](https://docs.nvidia.com/nim/large-language-models/1.5.0/deploy-helm.html#multi-node-models).

> **Red Hat**: LeaderWorkerSet is available in Red Hat OpenShift by installing the Leader Worker Set Operator from OperatorHub, see document [here](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/latest/html-single/ai_workloads/index#leader-worker-set-operator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Red Hat**: LeaderWorkerSet is available in Red Hat OpenShift by installing the LeaderWorkerSet Operator from OperatorHub, see document [here](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/latest/html-single/ai_workloads/index#leader-worker-set-operator).
```

Author: That is a good point @bergerhoffer. We need to align with our official product name. I reverted back to original state.

> **Red Hat**: LeaderWorkerSet (LWS) is available in Red Hat OpenShift and can be installed from Redhat Operator Hub with the name "Leader Worker Set", see document [here](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/latest/html-single/ai_workloads/index#leader-worker-set-operator)

Reviewer 2: Minor tweaks here:
```suggestion
**Red Hat**: LeaderWorkerSet is available in Red Hat OpenShift and can be installed from Red Hat OperatorHub with the name "Leader Worker Set Operator", see document [here](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/latest/html-single/ai_workloads/index#leader-worker-set-operator).
```

Or, I'd consider this rewording:
```suggestion
**Red Hat**: LeaderWorkerSet is available in Red Hat OpenShift by installing the Leader Worker Set Operator from OperatorHub, see document [here](https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/latest/html-single/ai_workloads/index#leader-worker-set-operator). 
```

Author: Second options look nice to me. Updated based on this. Thank you.
